today with my mother I prepare stiffness or
flower
okay lisa let's see ingredients ai
cauliflower very good the first thing
we must do after washing it and
cook this steamed cauliflower with
microwave for 10 minutes must remain a
po core sing in the meantime elisa
while the cauliflower is cooked you make me
chopped this mozzarella with le
hands I the other half whisk it in
blender here is elisa the cabbage is cooked
with this tool
you have to crush the cauliflower
this is a good way to find a
our children had to eat cable
because prepared in this way it is
really very tasty it just looks like one
pizza and flavors I love cabbage with oregano
go up and add the last one again
ingredient that we need to add to
our mozzarella base for pizza
finely chopped
the meal is ready now we grease the
elisa pan spreads the oil well e
we put our pizzas
if you prefer you can also do one
pizza that you will then bring to the table and the
you will cut at the moment
the basics are now ready to go into
oven at 180 200 degrees until it does
they will be beautiful golden it will take about
15 minutes
here are our pizzas ready for
be dressed let's put some
tomato and a bit of mozzarella ok elisa
after the tomato what ever goes there
now we'll put another ten minutes on it
in the oven and then we'll go and eat them ok
elisa here are our elisa pizzas
you like
and of these I could eat of it until
you will want because they are all vegetables
greet our children via michetti
hello see you next hello hello